# 04 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the GitHub activity.

I messed up a bit by not pulling a different file before working on the team activity and had to fix that first, so we ended up doing a lot of the same things only backwards before even starting the team activity.


2. What are the advantages to using a version control system like git?

You can rollback and save/work on different versions when coding. You can also have many different people working on the same project but not messing up each other's code.


3. What is the difference between git and GitHub?

Github is a website that hosts files you can download and upload. Git is the tool you use to manage the code and push and pull from Github.


4. What is the purpose of branching in git?

Branching allows you to work on a copy of the code without working on the actual master code.


5. Imagine you're working as a software developer for someone who doesn't have any experience with programming. How would you describe version control and git to your employer?

You can liken Git to Google Drive if they know how that works. Explain that it is a software that allows many contributers to write, edit, and add to a file or project remotely. 


6. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?

I ran into some trouble with origin/master and which it was pushing to and I had to remove some stuff. Still wondering how to avoid that.


7. A common git-related interview question is "How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?". How would you answer that question?

A git revert is safer than a git reset because it will retain the commits you want to undo and make a new commit. This can be pulled into a branch to undo the bad commit. Resets should be reserved for undoing local commits. 


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

The stretch challenge for remove, revert, and reset. Also the information about branching. I also always appreciate any videos from the instructor. I had not learned either from another class teaching git right now.


9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

Some of the resources were a bit repetitive.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

04 Prepare - 1
04 Teach - 1
04 Prove - 2
04 Ponder - 1
----------------------------
Total Hours - 5
